We could see it with just
the lines, the pivots.
You would notice that
they hold fairly nicely. This one moved
right into resistance.
So did this one.
This one held support. This one danced
around its pivot. So
yesterday's
resistance pivot is where they were
dancing around.
And so we have the choice between the
line of
as the first test and then the next line
at
6607.
Now, remember
there's a gamma line
right
nearby. Figured it was a little closer
than that. This gamma line is the one
that's going to be the interesting one
to watch in my mind.
All right. So
let's take a look at these
um
pretty interesting walkways. If you're
saying, "Hey, hey, hey, yeah, I don't
want to do all that stuff." The walkways
will give you a good choice. The thing
to do is, you know, you got to
stare down. Where am I in relation to
the Vwap? Where am I in relation to my
moving averages? What is the slope of
those moving averages?
And you can see
the sellers are in control. It is still
sell the sell the rip environment and it
probably is likely to continue. I
haven't stared down the gamma flows yet.
All right.
Let's go to the NQ.
As I wonder why my eyes are not
focusing.
Very late night. Okay.
So
wow.
Holy moly. Look at where the call wall
got moved to.
Wow.
Okay. So the call wall is around 24,750.
Put wall
down at
24,000.
Trend down.
Momentum in negative territory trying to
lift. Meaning we could see some big
spikes.
But the sellers clearly in charge. Call
wall
is
potentially
the high. We are under the main line
pivot. Being under the main line pivot,
which is this yellow line, it tells us
that there's more negative pressure.
That can be confirmed by the slope of a
moving average. So if we're underneath
here and the slope is down, the bounces
are going to be sell zones.
Okay? Um
let's see if I can put in
my
volume areas so we can at least see
where value area high and low is. We are
well below value area area low, 24,7
90.
Value area high, 25,100.
Wow. This looks
really rough. Let's go on daily.
Okay. So we're breaking the 200.
Massive congestion.
And these this these are the key areas.
Failure or no, right? This is
a zero DTE.
Put is at 24,220.
Next couple of days are going to be
rowdy.
Rowdy.
Okay. Trend down, momentum down. You can
just walk through the lines here. Here's
our 30-minute formation. We bounced 100%
range above it as well as below it.
Right? Look at that.
Someone accused me of It wasn't an
accusation. It was It was a a solid
commentary, not incorrect.
Someone said, "Hey, you know, I think
you're trying to teach people too many
things. They're getting confused by
all the stuff that you're sharing with
them all the time. It seems like there's
not one single thread." And so I hear
you. First of all, lots of people learn
lots of ways.
And if you take the time to watch the
video
you deserve the opportunity that's
sitting in the video if you can stand it
through. And if something's not
resonating, I'm always hoping something
else will resonate. Do you know what I'm
saying? So that's my defense.
And I I continue to bring new ideas
to folks because the market's always
changing. And I want to make sure that I
understand the changes and I'm ready to
to run with it. So yesterday's 30-minute
open
is where the traders stopped.
If we breach that area we're probably
going to have a short squeeze.
And that narrows 24,000.
700. No.
20 Yeah, 24,720.
Line. Okay. The pivot lines below of
interest are 24,400.
And then
a stair step down. Here's a huge gamma
line, 24,291.
But we've given the big rise up. It took
us
three days to get there, two days to
give it back.
And the buyers are very timid right now,
very very timid.
See if you look at micro Bitcoin, this
is always a tell.
Look at that.
Dang it.
All right. So
storyboard here is that it's still in a
flag pattern, but it's a it's a bearish
flag pattern.
Because the trend has been down. I felt
like 74 would be the number. But you
know what? I think a lot of people did,
too.
And so
the sneaky guys
and gals
um
took us above that zone and then kept
collapsed below it. My premise is still
"Hey, listen. If it can come in and stay
above 71,000
it's a good buy." What it did is just
crash right below my support floor.
Right? I suspected that this price
action would really give us a go to the
upside. I mean, I really did. I said
yesterday.
I said, "Hey, you know
I'd like for it to come down to 71, but
I'm not sure it's going to give me
that." Boom.
Just I mean, what a day Bitcoin had
yesterday for the trade.
Wow.
So
clearly a break of trend
and momentum takes us all the way back
to the floors.
If
the indices continue to sell off,
there's no way this will rise.
And if gold continues to sell off, it's
going to come in the same direction
because everything is priced in dollars.
Anybody who is talking about the death
of the dollar narrative, listen, it's
coming.
Not to fret.
The death of the dollar is on the
horizon. I'm not saying it's not. But
that horizon is like
a trip to your favorite Las Vegas strip.
The buildings are so huge
that you think, "Hey, it's just down the
road. It's in It's 6 miles in the
distance." And you're thinking
that is a couple of blocks because the
buildings are so big that you really
have no spatial perception. So the moral
of the story is, yes, they're right.
It's not coming now. Especially when
people need dollars because they have
nothing else they can depend on.
Okay? So
what are we staring down in oil?
They've shoved oil prices uh down into
the 97 zone, but have a look at the
volatility. Goodness gracious. If we're
looking at trend, it's mixed. Up and
then down. And we're looking at the
range of motion. Broad momentum is
sideways.
This is our 30-minute open. We collapse
off of it after several hours.
And then go right back into it and then
fall back down.
Okay? That's kind of a big deal. So
where What is this?
It's 2:00. It's interesting. Okay? 2:00
is always interesting to me
with oil. Um that's because it closes
then. That's their influx.
But easily I can use all the other uh
boxes that I like. The 4:00 a.m.
candlestick, absolutely
quiet.
You know, there's They just don't want
to take any bets. Look at all the moving
averages clustering together.
They're just in a tight tight squeeze.
So what do we want to do? We want to get
ourselves to the edge of the squeezes
and watch. Call wall 100.
Wow. Put wall 55.
What?
That is bananas.
That is very big spread, very very big
spread. Could people be thinking, "Hey,
this is going to be over in a couple of
weeks?" I I I mean, that's delusional.
One thing I know
I'm a huge history buff.
Persians are not going lightly.
Notice where Alexander the Great
stopped?
Persia.
Couldn't get in. Couldn't stay in.
Greatest army of all time. Married Of
course, it's not the same thing, but
it's the
it's the people that just will not give
up. Doesn't matter what the common
Iranian wants, they want freedom.
They're very educated. They have a
larger percentage of college degree
educated adults than the US does. Nobody
knows that.
Right? And they're all westernized. They
want that business to get out of there,
but
I didn't want to go into that spot, but
there you go.
We're looking for a long fight here,
sadly, and
oil is not giving the show, but I do
think alternative energies are going to
have their heyday
because of this, so we'll see what goes
on.
All right.
Upper edges, as I mentioned, call wall
100, valuer high 97, valuer low 90
two and some change, 93 and some change.
So, what do you want to watch for?
You want to watch it break out of this.
If you're playing inside of here,
you better try to get those shorts way
up high
here at 99
and then longs way down here at the
point of control
somewhere around 95.
Momentum is very, very flat. Let's go to
gold.
What?
Come on.
Gold continues to roll over, so does
silver. Why is this happening? I thought
people bought gold for geopolitical
risk. No.
People buy gold in relation to the
dollar. That's the big thing. And gold
is rolling over now simply because
people are exchanging the gold they've
been hoarding for dollars
because the dollar is strengthening
against them, and they're also selling
it in a space where they know they can
get a premium. So, the sell-off is
dramatic.
They're going to start buying again.
Don't fret because the dollar is
eventually going to die. Right?
Uh where are we? 44
46 24, excuse me. 46 24, we can see this
low edge here.
That's probably got a lot of people
freaked out, but
this is a range.
Right? This is range. They're going to
come down here,
hang out,
and uh price action is going to lift.
The put wall has
The put wall has been broken.
That 49
can't tell whether it's 49 50, 49 70.
The
space is not quite tight,
but it's well below the put wall, and so
when it gets below the put wall,
put particularly if market makers
are managing that put wall, which they
are,
they have to sell more.
The further down it goes, the more they
have to sell in order to hold those
hedges properly in the dynamic hedging
perspective. They can also sell calls,
but
that gets a little wonky, but yeah, a
lot of moving parts here. Look at the
low.
Currently, the lowest pivot that allows
us to say where we might stop is about
4550.
That's a round number, and it should
fade. All right? Don't fret, folks. Uh
if you're long the metals, the metals
have been saying, "Hey, trim." for a
while.
Right? Why?
Why have they been saying that? You can
go to a 4-hour chart, and you can go,
"Wait, did I break my 200 moving
average?" Go to a daily chart, and the
200 is way down here, but this is also
been parabolic for quite some time. So,
sometimes you have to really think
through things and say, "All right, if
it gets to the bottom of the range, am I
still willing to hold it because of what
I think the long-term
outlook is?"
But that could be, you know, months and
months and months, maybe even year,
because gold really did not do very much
many years ago.
Okay. Finally, let's go to spy.
And what do we see here? Anchored VWAPs
are those blue lines.
Trend clearly down, right? This is a
wide-angle look, moving through the
range on the put wall, broken put wall.
So, they're going to try to recover it.
And if they cannot recover it, they're
going to sell more of it. So, critical
zone here, trend down,
momentum down.
They're trying to lift it, but
to no avail. So, really,
price action is
very messy. The call wall still 700, the
put wall
still 660, and we are down here testing
655.
Point of control
670. What's What's the trade?
Bounces or sells.
That's the easy part. Bounces or sells.
If it gets above the pivot,
stop selling the bounce.
Try to wait for either another expansion
up into a higher moving average that is
going downward, and then try to sell
that.
Or
once it gets above the pivot,
you look for the moving average as
support, and then you start buying above
it. So, literally, that's what that
pivot line is for. It's to tell you
where the division between the buyers
and sellers actually sit.
He's not always right,
but it does give you a nice solid
framework that you can use to say, "Hey,
if I'm underneath that line, I need to
go hunting for support.
If I'm above the line, I'll go hunting
for resistance, but your moving average
will tell you that as well. And right
now, it's saying, "Listen, bounces into
upper edges are going to give you
selling zones at this junction." All
right, everyone. Take care.
Hi, everyone.
Today's Thursday, March the 19th, and
this is the Money Ball Morning Report.
Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by
Menthor Q. Charts a little noisy with
all lines, but
we are in a noisy patch.
Big picture, as we take a look at the
E-mini S&P, we are right back where we
started.
How many days ago was that? 1 2 3 4
6, really.
6 days ago, and we are breaking the
lows.
What we've tried to do is build some
structure and inventory here, but we
cannot seem to get over the supply
that's sitting at the 3:30
p.m. Eastern time Camp Sec High. So,
that's going to be our go no-go line for
sellers. If it gets above that zone,
don't think about selling until it's
much higher into congestion. And when I
say don't think about selling, I really
mean
it's got to get time to fill in whatever
kind of crazy noise might be going on.
Okay? So, if you jump in, you could get
a little loss, and then you jump in
again, and it could go for a bigger win,
or
you jump in and hang on, it could turn
into
a big drawdown that you eventually get
back.
Those are hard psychological things to
choose, and sometimes we're flat-out
wrong because the market does something
completely different. The sideways
formations in the market and the ebb and
flow really make me tremendously tired,
and so it's been
an incredibly annoying patch
because the structure is so uh
unstructured. On top of that, tomorrow
is OPEX, and we just had the FOMC on top
of a hot PPI number. We have the
disruption across the seas,
and whatever else we can think of,
right? The The world is a complicated
place.
We just simply have to do the best in
our little circle where we have
influence, and not worry about anything
else. Those of us caught up in worry,
lay that down.
Give it to the Lord. No place for worry
in in the mind in days like this. You
just do your best and move forward.
Okay, so now we have our 30 minutes
um
opening candlestick formation, and
you know, it's
sticky. They've lost it. I would say
they probably lost
almost a full Yeah, there you go. Look
at that.
That's 100% down, and now they're trying
to hold that as a floor. Right? So,
this area right here, oops,
at
66 45 is a line to watch. If they lose
it, let's take a look at the common
things. What is trend?
What did I just do with that trend line
for my momentum? What is trend? Down.
Am I making lower highs and lower lows
in the near term?
What is momentum?
It's down.
I'm way under the midline of the
momentum.
Take a look.
If we stretch it out here,
I mean, it's very negative. That being
said, they're trying to build something.
There's a higher high here,
and higher highs under here.
And yet, price is getting forced down.
So, what does that tell us?
The trend line.
Moving average, the slope of the moving
average always master and commander.
Let's go over some numbers.
We are well below
value area low.
That number is 6720.
Value area high
70. I can't see for
nothing this morning.
Lord.
Okay. Uh
Point of control
50.
And very noisy there. Do I expect to be
head up there? Potentially.
Yeah, potentially we do. Could we sit
sideways all day today? Yes.
I'm going to try and do a little clip, a
little study clip about understanding
how market makers end up having to move
based on where all the positioning is in
a chart and everything expiring at the
same time. It'll It's very, very
interesting. So, I did some study on
that last night. I think it's going to
be a good one. All right.
So, here's what we're thinking.
The buyers have to hold the floor, 6645.
Or we're headed downside.
Okay? We can draw our Fibonacci.
It gives us our price action events from
top to bottom. We can see them walking
down. A lot of us go, I don't want to
see something that's only got three,
four points.
You know, then don't put it on there.
It's up to you.
You get to drive the ship.
Right? So, if you don't like it on there
and you prefer your boxes, do that.
But, that's what we're staring down. And
the pivot from yesterday is probably a
clean line to anticipate. Take a look at
how well these pivots, if I could
separate them so you could see them all
by themselves. Hang on.